[Music]
charles and oliver try to learn more
about who tim cono was and they along
with mabel attend a memorial service for
him
the kindness
seems that nobody in the building liked
him and he had several complaints filed
against him the three of them break into
tim's apartment to look for more clues
and evidence
no pictures of any girlfriend
no
who is tim connor
later mabel makes a private video in
case she's the next to be murdered she
reveals that she and tim have known each
other since they were children bonding
over the hardy boys books and solving
pretend mysteries together
[Music]
as they grew older they became friends
with oscar and zoe she took things too
far
[Music]
it was fun
mostly until the end charles and oliver
go to ursula to get some info about tim
cono so they can make some episodes for
their podcast only murders in the
building i hate new year's eve it means
breaks over ten years ago one night the
four went to a new year's eve party on
the building's roof and zoe was later
found dead
oscar was arrested for her murder
however tim told mabel that he had seen
something i saw someone fighting with
her you saw oscar no
someone else
at the end of the episode mabel returns
to tim's apartment and finds a cache of
jewelry and her old drawing
tim was the kind of guy that always made
the sensible choice